time for another installment of oh my
god hi welcome to this week's edition of
the oh my god segment of the Jimmy Dore
show I'm joined by Steve Rosenfield
third place winner of the hive Harvey
Keitel look-alike contest
look I switched it up hi Steve oh quit
complaining next to him that Ben
mankiewicz from TC Oh Steve scored on
Jimmy oh right right now we're gonna
talk about so you know my god goes I
play something from a religious nut and
then we make fun of it this is from
Brian Fisher we've had him on the show
before Brian Fisher he's the director of
issues analysis of the conservative
fundamentalist American family asshole
Association and and on Thursday he had
an expert to come out and talk about
fossil fuels and let's have some fun
there we go
let me just connect that to a biblical
parable the parable of the talents you
know the the unfaithful steward the
wicked and lazy steward as as the master
calls him was the one who buried his
talent in the ground and didn't do
anything with it to multiply it
that's essentially what those who say we
need to stop using oil coal and natural
gas are telling us to do just leave
those those resources buried in the
ground rather than pulling them out and
multiplying their value for human
benefit yeah that that's what they're
saying because when you pull them out of
the ground for human benefit it releases
carbon into the air and causes climate
change and it's a real dirty way to
create energy that would be why what do
you have to say Steve
well maybe it's God's little experiment
to see if we're going to destroy the
world by burning coal yeah that could be
that could be God's experiment yeah God
works in mysterious ways what I hear
yeah I guess that's why God put all
those imaginary fossils in the ground
that were created by by by imaginary
dinosaurs 6,000 years ago yes oh that's
what it is right so God right because
the earth is only 6,000 years old that's
right
there's no such thing as die
sors and there's no such thing as
fossils yet there's oil all fitting
together he's been a little bit first of
all you sound wicked here we go
you know I remember one time Cal lads is
just flashed into my had a birthday
party when I was when I was a young guys
probably I don't know six or something
like that and I opened up a birthday
present that I didn't like and and I
said it right out oh I don't like those
you know and it just crushed and the
person that gave me the gift I'm gonna
guess it was a science book or maybe a
book any book maybe was there you know I
just kind of blurted it out I don't like
those and you know I just crushed that
person and you know enormous ly
insensitive of me to do that and you
think well that's kind of how we're
treating God when he's given us these
gifts of of abundant and inexpensive and
effective fuel sources and and we we
don't thank him for it and we don't use
it you know you know the scripture said
is the it is the glory of God to conceal
a matter it's the glory of kings to
search it out yeah and so so part of
what God you know God's buried those
treasures there because he loves to see
us find him and put him to use the
scavenger hunt you got a burn oil or
else you're gonna hurt God's feelings to
assholes you don't want to hurt God's
feelings because then he might kill
millions of people in a war or disaster
not even lift a finger if you know it's
not like God put the Sun here or wind
here or other ways for us to get energy
it's only this one way yeah so I guess
we can dig up anything according to this
because anything we find is a treasure
that goes right that's right right
plutonium lutonium
dig it up dig it up the treasure
insulting God if you don't dig it up and
sell it's over so do it tears blow it up
poison berries also okay look I remember
that hornet's nest one time I drank it
down bring it into your house yeah these
are all go ahead
so God must love BP more than he loves
all those people are trying to fish in
the Gulf totally that's it all right
BP they're good Christians fishermen I
don't know
aren't they supposed to be the
Christians too right teach a man to
finish all that stuff you know the Bible
doesn't stop talking about oil drilling
yes really you know think about it
constantly oil rigs you carrolling you
can't turn to any page in the Bible and
it's all about the diesel water drilling
they never talk about alternative energy
sources in the Bible never no wind Sun I
think they do talk about floods
so maybe hydros okay survival it goes
Genesis
Leviticus Chevron every third book of
the Bible but we do know that God is
extremely touchy and he will kill you
yes we do know they know that and so
that's why you don't want to hurt his
feelings so you better keep burning oils
this has been oh my god